PEP 650: Fix typos, improve example (#1792)
python/peps: pep-0650.rst

its requirements files for *dependency groups*. An implementation may
(very roughly) look like the following::

  import subprocess
  import sys

  def invoke_install(path, *, dependency_group=None, **kwargs):
      try:

>           return subprocess.call(
>               [
>                   sys.executable,
>                   "-m",
>                   "pip",
>                   "install",
>                   "-r",
>                   dependency_group or "requirements.txt",
>               ],
>               cwd=path,
>           )
>       except subprocess.CalledProcessError as e:
>           return e.returncode
>       return 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          return subprocess.run(
              [
                  sys.executable,
                  "-m",
                  "pip",
                  "install",
                  "-r",
                  dependency_group or "requirements.txt",
              ],
              cwd=path,
          ).returncode
      except subprocess.CalledProcessError as e:
          return e.returncode
```
